dev/core#1145 Add in documentation on MySQL 8 Support information (#219)
civicrm/civicrm-sysadmin-guide: docs/requirements.md

    innodb_file_format=barracuda
    innodb_file_per_table=true
    ```
* In MySQL 8 the default authentication plugin changes from `mysql_native_password` to `caching_sha2_password`. This may cause issues with your PHP layer. Fortunately you can revert this back by specifying in your MySQL configuration as follows:
  ```
   [mysqld]
   default_authentication_plugin=mysql_native_password
  ```

>   Also in MySQL 8 importantly the following variables have been removed `innodb_large_prefix`, `innodb_file_format`. In MySQL 8 Binary logging is also turned on by default which many users may want to turn off, this can be done by adding to your MySQL configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Also in MySQL 8 the following variables, used fairly extensively in CiviCRM installs, have been removed `innodb_large_prefix` and `innodb_file_format`. In MySQL 8 binary logging is also turned on by default which many users may want to turn off, this can be achieved by adding to your MySQL configuration file:
```

>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
   ``` ini
```
